Page or Account URL,List
https://www.facebook.com/AlterNetNews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/TheAtlantic,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/democracynow,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/thedailybeast,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/HuffPost,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/theinterceptflm,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/jacobinmag,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/motherjones,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/msnbc,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/newyorker,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/nytimes,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/thenationdaily,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/Slate,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/Vox,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/ABCNews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/APNews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/axiosnews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/bloombergbusiness,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/CBSNews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/cnn,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/theguardian,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/insider,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/NBCNews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/nytimes,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/NPR,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/politico,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/propublica,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/time,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/washingtonpost,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/usatoday,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/yahoonews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/thedispatchinc,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/epochtimes,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/FoxBusiness,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/NYPost,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/ThePostMillennial,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/Reason.Magazine,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/WSJ,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/WashingtonExaminer,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/TheWashingtonTimes,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/TheAmericanConservative,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/americanspectator,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/Breitbart,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/TheBlaze,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/cbnonline,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/DailyCaller,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/DailyMail,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/DailyWire,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/FoxNews,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/fdrlst,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/IjReview,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/nationalreview,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/newsmax,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/FreeBeacon,USA Media - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/OneAmericaNewsNetwork,USA Media - SMDA Project