Page or Account URL,List
https://www.facebook.com/AlterNetNews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/TheAtlantic,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/democracynow,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/thedailybeast,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/HuffPost,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/theinterceptflm,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/jacobinmag,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/motherjones,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/msnbc,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/newyorker,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/nytimes,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/thenationdaily,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/Slate,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/Vox,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/ABCNews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/APNews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/axiosnews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/bloombergbusiness,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/CBSNews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/cnn,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/theguardian,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/insider,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/NBCNews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/NPR,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/politico,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/propublica,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/time,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/washingtonpost,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/usatoday,USA Media Left - SMDA Project
https://www.facebook.com/yahoonews,USA Media Left - SMDA Project